## R14.6 - 2015-09-01
### Changed
- Updated various **[Products API](https://bestbuyapis.github.io/api-documentation/#products-api)** attributes to make product data more consistent and easier to understand
 - These attributes will no longer appear as top-level on product data returned by the Products API
 -  Data represented by these attributes may still be available in the details collection of relevant products, but the detail name, format and structure of the detail value may change
 - Some attributes will be gradually phased out
  - `avOutputs`
  - `builtForBluRay`
  - `clock`
  - `customSettings`
  - `cycleDescriptions`
  - `digitalAudioInputs`
  - `digitalAudioOutputs`
  - `digitalOutputs`
  - `digitalTuner`
  - `dolbyDigitalDecoder`
  - `fiveOneChannelInput`
  - `fiveOneChannelOutput`
  - `hdtvCompatibility`
  - `sixOneChannelInput`

### Notes
- Runtime responses from the Products API will continue to indicate that these attributes can be used​ for searching, even as the attributes slowly disappear from the product data. For instance, the top level attribute `clock` is being retired. Over time, the results of a search on `clock=*` will diminish. Eventually, that search will return no results. However, in the details of some products, you may find a detail named `clockDisplay` with a value of "Yes" or "No". In other products, you may find details named with other variations indicating `clock` with a variety of possible values.
This will impact applications that provide filtering using the top level attributes. If an application provides filtering for whether products include a clock using the `clock` top level attribute, that filtering will cease to work as expected over time. This change should not cause such an application to produce an error or cease functioning.

- The product data updates will also impact applications that display these attributes. In this example, the `clock` attribute will no longer display. If the application has hard-coded usage of the `clock` attribute, that application may produce errors or cease functioning.
